well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so it's been all of like five minutes
since semi-official word came down that
joe biden
will be the next president of the united
states
in those five minutes people have
already begun speaking about the
importance of the idea
of the office of the presidency
the establishment of that office
what that office means to the american
people and how we can't
allow americans to lose faith in that
office and in pursuit of this goal
of preserving the integrity of the
office of the president the best thing
for the united states
is to pardon outgoing president donald
trump a man who as of yet still has not
guaranteed a peaceful transfer of power
no that's a horrible idea that is a
horrible idea but the premise is sound
i actually agree with it in theory with
with the argument that's being made
as far as the office of the presidency
being more important than one person
the idea that faith in the institution
itself is
important for the united states as it
exists today
i agree with that i really do
so that's all we're going to talk about
we're going to wipe everything else off
the board we're not going to talk about
the willful misinformation that was put
out that contributed to the deaths of a
quarter million people
we're not going to talk about trump's
constant attacks on the constitution
and the very foundations of this nation
we're not going to talk about any
alleged international crimes that he
might have been involved with
those aren't on the table for discussion
right now
we're just going to talk about the idea
of preserving the integrity of the
office of the presidency
let's take stock of donald trump
he's a man who employed divisive
rhetoric
fear-mongering
that almost tore this country apart
in pursuit of nationalism
and an overt glide into fascism
that happened that's the reality that
occurred
let's continue to take stock of him he's
a joke
he's ineffective president trump is not
a man i would consider an eloquent
speaker
he's not a planner he's not a grand
strategist
he's not a person who can build
coalitions
if he is not held accountable through
legal means
publicly so the american people actually
understand what happened
what message does that send to others
who are like him
others who would pursue that same vein
of authoritarianism
says they have nothing to lose
we need to keep in mind that biden
didn't win in the landslide
the american people did not cry out in
one voice
that we are not going to accept this
that didn't happen
tens of millions of americans still
support him
right now
they don't understand the dangers they
don't understand what he represents
maybe because he's so cartoonish
but what happens when in four years or
eight years
the next generation of this brand of
authoritarianism
is an eloquent speaker is somebody who
can build coalitions
somebody who smiles more and talks less
holds their cards a little closer to
their chest
doesn't telegraph every move they're
going to make on twitter
what happens then
we might get a united states crying out
in one voice
but it may be in favor of them
it may be in favor of that candidate
trump almost won a second term and had
he won a second term i am of the firm
belief
he would have sought a third
that's the road we were on we're not off
of it
we've just kind of angled off we're just
we're just staring towards the exit now
the idea that that can happen here
is still very real because the
republican party saw that that rhetoric
and that push for authoritarianism
worked
it worked in order to avoid that
we would have needed a landslide had
biden won in a landslide sure pardon him
don't care the american people saw it
for what it was
but they didn't that didn't happen we
are still in a very precarious place
this idea is the worst idea in a long
string of bad
ideas related to embracing this
particular brand of authoritarianism
with civility it's not going to work
it isn't going to work the president of
the united states needs to be
investigated
donald trump needs to be investigated
his administration needs to be
investigated
if nothing is found fine cool everybody
was wrong
everybody who understands this
particular type of politics
was incorrect cool fine then we can move
on
but if they're not wrong then we need to
have a
public accounting of what occurred
the american people have to see what
happened what was planned
and how it was shaping up before we can
reconcile before we can heal
we have to know what damage was caused
we have to know how it occurred
tens of millions of americans still
support him
pardoning him just encourages the next
generation
it just encourages the next would-be
tyrant because they don't have anything
to lose
they know that the precedent will have
been set if you attempt to subvert this
country
well as long as you leave at the end of
your four years
those people who want that form
of government they can hit and miss then
they can continue to try
and they don't lose anything if they
fail
those who want to keep some semblance of
a democratic republic
they have to hit every time they have to
win
every single time the other side
only has to hit once they only have to
get one candidate
who can build those coalitions who can
smile for the camera
who can shut up on twitter that's it
this is a horrible i am not somebody who
believes in the idea of chanting lock
him
up i don't really think that that's a
good precedent to set
either but there needs to be an
investigation
it needs to be public we need to know
what happened no interest of national
security
no interest in protecting the office of
the presidency
because if you want to protect that
office you have to keep others like him
out of it otherwise that office isn't
going to mean
anything because as soon as somebody
gets in
that can manipulate the public the way
trump
wanted to that's it it's over
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day